tonight in case you don't know is the
second night of Hanukkah so happy
Chanukah to those who are celebrating
this holiday I mean Christmas gets most
of the attention but Hanukkah is
important too and a lot of children are
familiar most children are familiar with
the story of Christmas but they're less
educated about the miracle of Hanukkah
so we went out on the street and we
asked kids who don't celebrate Hanukkah
to tell us what they know about this
holiday and this is what they said
Emma have you ever heard of Hanukkah
yeah
what is Hanukkah it's where Jewish
people
I'm celebrate Hanukkah on Christmas
what is Hanukkah um it's where some
other people celebrate Christmas and
some other people don't celebrate I like
that which other people do you know no
it's Jewish people have you heard of
Jewish people
no where do you live Salt Lake City well
that makes sense
why doesn't Santa bring any of the
Jewish kids toys because they're Jewish
can you spell Hanukkah can I try look H
Oh
[Music]
II see CH you know what you're probably
right there's no wrong answer here you
go
would you like to meet a Jewish person
better come on this is Eric he's Jewish
and he's a TV comedy writer they're all
TV comedy writers
who brings people presents on Christmas
Santa who brings them presents on
Hanukkah it's Melissa rivers do you know
any Hanukkah songs uh yeah could you
sing one for us Hanukkah Hanukkah
menorah if you liked that video click
the subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment